How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
I’d be able to try new problem solving/design tactics and not be afraid of making mistakes as I’d be assured that I have my ‘safety net’ back up code available. 
Also, it makes me more efficient, because I can see what I did wrong if the code doesn’t work, by comparing it to older versions. 
I could also share my versions with other programmers.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google docs does?
Pros of Git:
You think logically about when to save your changes

Cons of Git:
You might actually forget to save

Pro Google docs:
Don’t need to worry about saving changes

Cons Google docs: 
So many saves that the flow of changes you made, might not make sense anymore.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, s.a. Google Docs, treat each file separately?

I think this is because with Git there is a higher propensity for files to be related to each other whereas in Google Docs, this is less likely to be the case as each doc is more independent from others.


How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
We can use git log to get an overview of the changes/commits that have been made, all identified by ids
We can then use git diff to compare two commits and see what lines have been added/deleted.


How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
Because you can easily revert back to a previous version of your files where a possible bug wasn’t created yet.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
The staging area is like a place to put things before they go live. Like the backstage before the actual stage in front of the audience. By making sure that you have all features that need to go live at some point in the staging area, you can then have a good overview of what needs to go live and what not.


What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organised? How would branches help?
Example: when you have a sudden stroke of inspiration while you're working on the master branch. You don't want to accidentally screw up the live version, so you create a branch to work on your new feature. If it all tested out to work well, you can then merge into the live version.
